Hey, good morning family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining us again
today. Well, I have my sweetheart with
me. I told her, I said, there's some
things I wanted her to read, but I just
thought, well, let's go over some of
the old videos that I've spoken and told
you all what the Holy Spirit was showing
us as we were praying. We're starting to
see it in the news, and I think it's
time to go over some of those. So, if
you want to know some of the words that
you know, like, 'Brandon, you're calling
out all this stuff,'and we're seeing
several of them in the news all at once.
And I told D, I said, 'It's really cool
whenever you start to see the words when
we're praying as a family here on this
channel, and you start to see it from you
all sending us stuff saying, "Hey, did
you see your word came to pass here? Did
you?"'And
I'm like, 'Wow, I didn't
realize that happened.'So, let's go
over some of those. You know, for
the people who just think that we're
just seeing things all the time and
there's no fruit behind it, I
want to do this every once in a
while to show that our prayers are
working. What we're praying into and
what God is showing us are warnings of
the signs of the times of the coming of
the Lord Jesus Christ. We're
getting so close, but I was excited
about some of it. So,
number one, we were told about
this ship-looking thing. I don't
know what it is. It's an asteroid, slash,
the size of Manhattan—a massive
rock that's traveling at over 100,000
miles an hour. And it doesn't have a
tail. From what they can observe, this
rock, this thing that's headed
towards this direction doesn't have a
comet tail. It has—the front of it has
lights. So, it's like headlights on this
rock. So, it's burning from the front up
and it's not burning from the
back, which is, you know, unheard of.
Usually, whenever you have a
comet or whatever, they burn from
their
tail back and it leaves gases and stuff
and particles, and it's burning. But
from
what I understand, when you watch this
little clip from Paul Begley, he talks
about this rock that is burning from the
front up. But here's the thing: there's
no tail. And a comet has a tail. NASA
says it's a comet, but an image taken
by the Hubble telescope in late July shows
that the object is radiating light
forward. And Avi Loeb says there's
something very unusual about that. It
shows a glow like a headlight in the
front and no tail in the back. Not
behind it is the glow; the glow is in
the front. 'If it were a standard comet,
we'd expect some dust to be shedding off
the surface of the object, and the dust
would be pushing behind the object as a
result of the solar radiation
pressure.'The
object is unprecedented because
its size and the trajectory it's
coming is something we've never seen
before. They think it's an alien
something. We know there's no such thing
as aliens. First, I have to make that
clear. There is no such thing as aliens,
but there are fallen angels and there are
demonic spirits. We know what the Bible
tells us. And what I warned you all
right before Jesus Christ comes, the
Lord spoke to me when I went to
tribulation with Him. It's one of the
last things He told me. And this is in
2014.
July the 6th of 2014 is when I had this
visitation from the Lord, and He took me
to tribulation. So aliens and drones,
all this stuff was very, very seldom in
the news. You'd hear about it every
once in a while on some, like, conspiracy
channel or something, but now it's
becoming mainstream, just like Jesus
told me. He said, 'Brandon, right before
I come, the days, the months before
this time frame, watch for alien
deception.'Watch
this, because they will use this to
explain away the rapture in the days
ahead, telling everybody—remember I
warned you—that the
Christians, that people were taken
away because of rebellion. That's what
the Antichrist will come out and say, and
he'll tell everybody about all this. 'Oh
yes, the Christians were taken. These
people were taken because they were a
rebellious people because the Mahdi
is coming.'Remember
I told you the
Mahdi
coming. So this is part of the
punishment, so they're taken out of
here. So
they will start to bring on
false—this
is by the devil's design—false alien
invasions, false alien stuff. And I told
you, watch for this great big
mothership
coming. This was a
massive-looking
spaceship thing. It was gold. It was
thin. And it had lightning bolts
beaming all around it like it was
all alive. It had windows all the way
around, and you could see lights coming
out of it. It was over the Vatican. It
was over Italy in the vision. And the
other one was over the temples,
these Mayan-looking temple things in
Mexico, but the people had signs. They
had, like, 'Welcome to Earth,'and they had
signs, and they were excited about this
alien thing going on in the sky. So they
were like tinfoil hat people. Like, I'm
talking, had signs, and they were—and I
started to laugh because when I saw it,
I thought, 'That's really funny,
Lord.'And
the Lord said, 'No, this is not funny.
This is a great deception, and many
people are going to fall for what's
about to take place on the
earth.'They're
trying to come up with an alibi.
The demonic is coming up with an alibi
of what happens when the rapture takes
place. Now, they're talking about this
thing looks like it's alive and it's
moving in the way it's moving. We've
never seen anything ever travel at this
speed ever before, and it looks like it's
in its own control. It's like
it's in control of itself. Well, I told
you fearful sights you will see that
will bring you to your knee. I told you
the Lord said to us in this prayer
time that it would go over Italy, this
mothership-looking
thing. I saw an
alien fake invasion coming over Italy
and over the Mayan temples down in
Mexico, and it would be seen and it would
be really scary to a lot of people. And
then I saw heavy-set people. I saw
people out, like, saying, 'Welcome to
Earth.'And
they had their signs, and they were
like tinfoil hat people, but they
were all excited and celebrating this
alien deity that they think is going to
be like ET. They call it ET. 'Welcome
to Earth, ET,'you know? And they were,
you know, celebrating,
worshiping this thing, excited. Then I
saw other,
like, ships, little ships flying really
fast all over the East Coast, all over
the place, shooting around
that looked like the size of a car in
the vision. And the Lord told me, He
said, 'This is coming. A great deception
is coming.'And I'm telling you, to the
point where I believe that it will even
get out eventually and have an interview
on TV. Some kind of demonic
spirit, something that is going to
deceive millions of people to get you to
believe that there's some kind of alien
life form. It is demonic. And
this is where you say, 'Well, where
is
scripture to back that?'If the Bible says
that we can entertain angels
unaware—remember
that the Bible says we can
entertain angels
unaware—demons
and fallen angels, fallen
angels are angels, right? But they're
demonic. So if you can entertain angelic
beings and be unaware of it, you can
entertain demonic spirits and be unaware
of it. They're both the same, just two
different ones. One's good, one's bad.
One's fallen, one's not fallen. So
I want you to be on the lookout,
just telling y'all, for a fallen angel
deception.
So if you can entertain angels
unaware, you can entertain demonic
spirits unaware. Just remember this. So
that's what's coming. That was one of
the words. And the Lord warned, and
I've
been saying this clear back in 2023. There's this coming,
and now we're seeing stuff talking, and
Harvard's talking about it, NASA's
talking about it. We don't know
what this is that's coming this way. And
now all they're talking about is UFO files
all this time. Congress said, 'We
need to—we see things traveling in the
water at hundreds of miles an hour, and
it's flying through the water, and it's
huge and looks like a football field
going through the water,'the Navy, the
US Navy, and all this stuff. And I'm
like, "Folks, I told you there's demonic
stuff that's about to really try to
shake the world."And so, I believe
we're on the verge of it. I believe
we're getting really close to it.
How does the devil know? The devil
knows because of Adam's lease. The devil
knows how close we are to the rapture
and
to these things. It's getting closer. No
man knows the day or the hour. Nobody
knows the exact time, but we know
the seasons.
So, even if we don't know it, the devil
knows his timeframe is coming up to do
his seven-year tribulation. So, he goes,
"I'm watching the fig tree just like we
are. I'm watching these things. I may
not know the day or the hour that the
Son of Man returns, and the rapture of
the church, and all the things, because no
one knows other than the Father. But the
devil knows the signs just like we do.
We're watching the fig tree; we're
watching these things. We see the signs
of the heavens. We see all this
stuff."And
he's going, "I've got to stop anything I
can to keep as many people going to hell
as I can right with
me,"because
he knows he's already going to
hell. He'll try to delay it or whatever
he's going to try to do. But what's the
most precious thing to the Father? is a
human soul. He died for it. Now, judgment begins in the house
of the Lord. I first
warned you about judgment beginning in the
house of the Lord. And the Lord
warned us, and He said, "Brandon, I'm
going to shake the pulpits of some
ministers in the days ahead."And this is
not just non-denominational or
charismatic;
this is across the
board. All religions: Catholic,
Methodist, all of us. Okay? He said,
"You're going to see a shaking to
awaken in my
church. Judgment begins in the
house of the Lord first."He said,
"You're about to see, if you remember,
you prepared to play the little clip right
here, for judgment begins in the house
of the Lord first. A cleansing in the
church is yet still to come on a greater
scale.
A cleansing. There's been patience
behind things as He's waiting for
people to get it right. There's been
patience there for a while now.
Seedtime
and harvest are accelerating, and
things that were behind closed doors will
be opened. You're
going to see it open. I see an open
door. And it's
going to be like when you purge
it. It's
cleaning things, big ministries.
For
this is part of what comes before the great
revival. You see, a great revival is
coming. But He's cleaning
up His bride, cleaning up the
church. You're going to
see more of this. He has given time for
repentance. He's merciful. I hear Him
say, 'I have been merciful, but time is
up.'Time
is up concerning this. He
said, 'You'll see exposing now, not to
embarrass, but for healing. There must
be healing.'It's like a wound; He's
cleaning out the wound. There
are
big wounds. And yes,
they'll be set on the bench, but He
is
raising up new voices with a backbone
that will say what He tells them to
say. They're nobodies. They're going to
be raising up soon. You're going to see
new people, new voices
rising
up.
Woe to you who have hidden sin. He said,
'You repent now.'Woe to you who have
hidden sin. He said, 'Time is running
out. Time is out. Time is out.'He said,
'Time is not running out. Time is
out.'There
is a line. He
said, 'For judgment begins in the house
of the
Lord.'First,
there's corruption in
finances. There will be exposures. There's
corruption with money.
It's around the globe. He
said it's around the globe; it's not
just about America. This
is
about the church. And the
church doesn't represent America; the
church is the church global.
But most people think
whenever you're talking about this
stuff, it's about America. But He said
it's deep within the heart of the
body. So we see yesterday a major
minister, sounds like a $50 million scandal
with trafficking people, trafficking,
having
relations with women, and making them...
it's
bad stuff. And this is the
beginning, I told you, of great judgment
coming on the church, of a cleaning of
the
house. The Lord warned us that this was
coming, and He said it would be like Ananias
and Sapphira
starting to come. As we
go into this
timeframe,
He said, going into the
fall, going into '26, you're going to see
a great shaking in the church to
awaken.
For a harvest of souls, you have to
clean up the church first and get it
ready for the fish to come
in. He said you're going to see a lot
of elders go home, and you're going to
start to see the new Davids, the
new Esthers, and the new Hannahs all
come up.
You're going to see this new generation.
The older generation, you can see it.
And it's not like I'm going to say it's
like Saul. I'm not, because Saul was in
rebellion to what the Lord told him to
do. But you see, when the anointing
starts to depart from the elders, it's
not as strong, and it's going to go
to
the younger generation. The Lord told
me, He said, 'It's going to be like
David. You're going to start to see the
kingly anointing on people, and they're
going to rise up out of seemingly
nowhere and people will go, 'Who are these people?
What happened?''And that's what the Lord
told me is going to start happening a
lot.
But He also said that you're going to
see some people start to go home,
and
you're going to start to see judgment
begin in the house of the Lord for
trafficking. And He even said, 'You'll
see the trafficking on the news in the
days ahead.'As we prayed, the FBI raids
this place. Bam! And I'm like, 'Wow,
this is amazing. I praise God.'I don't
know how many people are victims of
this; it's a very tragic situation. A $50
million scandal of all this going on
down there, and how many people are
involved, I don't know. They don't
talk about it. But
it's pretty sickening whenever
you start seeing this. And there's more
than that. There are a lot of people. I
believe there was another one,
but without speaking about it, there was
another pastor that did something bad,
and he was taking pictures of himself
sending nude selfies to his
volunteers. And I'm like,
'Are you serious? This is bad.'So we
see these things starting to happen. A
cleansing of the church in certain areas
where there's corruption is going to be
uncovered. So, if you're a pastor and
you're doing
bad things, and you're committing... you're
messing around on your wife, you're doing
things bad with corruption, the Lord
told me, He said, 'You're going to see
people that are huge ministers with
scandals in their finances, a money
scandal. You're going to see big money
scandals
with money laundering, money
fraud.'He
said there will be embezzlement
cases coming up with big ministers with
huge platforms, with embezzlement
charges, money laundering, and
scandals.
And it's going to say it in the
news: 'Scandal.'Remember what I'm telling
you, because it's coming. I want you to
remember this. It's coming.
Money laundering, money scandals,
embezzlement, trafficking, and it's
happening just like the Lord said. I had
a video sent to me, and they
said, 'Do you see what this guy in
the UK is
talking about?'So, the UK is preparing
for a major event of mass casualties,
how to incinerate bodies by the lot. So,
if there's a mass casualty event,
they're trying to pass it in a law that
they can incinerate like 700 bodies at a
time. I believe it was
an
astronomical number. It was a lot,
like putting them in this burner. It was a
burner, from what I understand. And I can
show you the little clip right here. You
can watch it. But this guy in the UK, he's a
doctor and he said this stuff is being
talked about in the parliament
over there, of what would happen to
prepare for a major event in the days
ahead. It says here: 'In the event of a
major incident resulting in a large
number of fatalities which could
overwhelm existing body storage, the
Home Office would provide contingency
support to the requesting local
authority.'And
these tenders have
now been fulfilled. They're talking
about core requirements of storage of up
to 700 fatalities. So, this is in my
spirit what I feel like I've seen
about the scorpion with King Charles
stinging and all the stuff the Lord's
warning us about of an acceleration of
war.
Is this them preparing for an
acceleration of war, or do they know another
virus is coming? They know about this
virus that the Lord has spoken to me
about. How many times, because we went
over that again today? We were talking
about it. When the Lord spoke to me, I
saw 350 million people go home. At least
350 was a big number, and I remember
seeing that number. It was projected at 350
million. Well, people say, 'Well, that's
not very many, Brandon.'Well, that's the
population of the United States of
America. That is a lot of
people. Regardless of whether you think, 'Well, there
are
7 billion, 8 billion people,
so
350 million is not that
much,'the
population in America going home all at
once because of a virus is a
catastrophic event in my opinion. I
don't know how many people live in
Australia, but I guarantee you it's not
100 million, maybe. I don't
know. That is a lot of people,
the
population of America. There are a lot of
people in America. But to say everybody
in America, if you drove from coast to
coast and you didn't see one single
person on the face of the Earth in America,
in the States, everybody's
gone—that
would be weird, of course. So
that's the kind of
virus this would be, from what the Lord
showed me. I saw it was a massive... He
told me even the number 350 million. And
then, you know, it's like whenever He told
me about British Columbia and the
earthquake up there, and He told me,
'Prepare, this earthquake's coming; 30,000
people will go home.'I saw it in that
area, 30,000 people. Well, that's a lot
of people. That's
the
population of major towns, you know, of
all people gone. We're talking deceased.
So
when we see the governments are
preparing for major events like that,
what do they know is coming?
It's like Mark Zuckerberg digging holes
in the middle of
Hawaii, making a huge bunker for like
$100 million—you know, a multi-million
dollar, $100 million project in the
middle of the ground—saying, 'Well, I
don't know anything's coming.'Why would
you spend that kind of money then?
Unless you just want to burn $100
million plus. But there are a lot of these
rich people that know, and I told you
the Lord warned us in these videos when
we're praying: they know something is
coming.
Inside Mark Zuckerberg's
top-secret
Hawaii compound, it described a large,
self-sufficient underground bunker with
what appeared to be a
blast-resistant
door.
'You do have a bunker there. Is there
something you know that we
don't?''No,
I think that's just like a little
shelter under... It's like a basement.
A little shelter.''What are you
worried
about?'And
they're preparing for it. And I saw
underground towns
in America that were like
bunker arcs for survival. And I saw them
getting this stuff prepared for a major
event that's about to take place. Signs
of the times. And that's why I was
telling you all about the
poles
shifting. And I've warned you how many
times on this channel that I saw the
earth is going to rock and
reel like a drunkard. The Bible says...
Well, I don't know what's going to cause
that, but it's some kind of outside
affairs that's going to be causing this.
September—I've
warned you about September, the
month to remember—a major event. The
Lord said, 'Watch for this, for it will
be the time of separation of the
sheep and the goats. And who stands with
Israel, I will bless. And who that
curses Israel, they'll be cursed.'And I
saw major earthquakes happening in these
areas,
major earthquakes on the ones who do not
stand. And this is going to be a
dividing line of blessing and cursing.
I told you, watch the month of September.
And I saw a haze over a month, and then
it was a line across it separating
September and October. And I thought, 'What
is this?'and the Lord said, 'Watch these
two months; this is important.'So we're
praying into it. So then we get the
article right here. You'll see this:
Trump decides to speak at the UN
again. This is amazing. On the 23rd of
September, the beginning of Rosh
Hashanah.
Okay, the 23rd—that's not
a coincidence either. And he's going to
stand. So, what is his speech going to
be about? Right now, Emmanuel
Macron
just announced today that he's going to
the United Nations next month, and he is
going to recognize a Palestinian state.
And what I'm hearing is that maybe as
many as 185 nations are going to go along
with him, and maybe 15 will not,
including the United States. And thank
God, now I'm hoping Canada doesn't go
along with it. I'm hoping the United
Kingdom doesn't, and I'm hoping Australia
doesn't. But France is definitely
leading the charge to try to part the
land.
You'll see Emmanuel Macron rise up more
in the days ahead. That's what has been heard.
You'll see Emmanuel Macron rise up
in the days ahead. I told you he'll be
an Ishmael. He'll be an Ishmael to the
Isaac of what's about to... Most people
say, 'Oh, he's the Antichrist.'He is
not. Watch: he'll be an Ishmael even
in the months ahead. He'll take stands
against Israel, he'll take stands
against things, and he'll look like an
Ishmael.
Everybody's going to go and sound the
alarm: 'It's him! It's him! It's
him!'But
you'll have an Ishmael on your hands.
It's not true. It's a spirit behind him
that's paving and tilling the ground.
He's tilling the ground, getting
it ready for the Antichrist to come.
He's tilling the ground. The Lord says,
'He's not ready. This is not
him.'But
he's tilling the ground. He's the
forerunner,
tilling
the ground, getting the soil ready for
him. Everybody said they want to divide
and cause Palestine to be a state on
the 23rd. They want to talk about this.
But we have the eclipse on the 7th,
which is next week or so—a week, two
weeks, a week and a half away. So, we
have this major eclipse going to come.
And then they
say, 'Well, Trump's like, we're
not going to push. We're not going to
poke the bear,'which is basically
saying we're going to let this thing
roll down to the first of the year with
Putin and Zelensky because
he knows he's stepping into a trap.
I told you there were landmines
everywhere, and I'm telling you: do not
poke the bear. I saw a great escalation
with a demonic spirit, the great
Apollyon.
I saw Apollyon come up out of the pit and
start spinning and causing great war on
the land. And I saw him interfering with
Putin. And I saw... That's what I'm talking
about, these incinerators and all this.
The Lord's warning us that a major war
has the potential to break out. Maybe it
won't be about the incinerator and the
war; maybe it'll be about the plague.
But they're talking about it. That's
what I'm trying to tell you all:
people are planning. They know
something's coming. They want to not be
caught
off guard. They don't say, 'How are we
going to bury all these
bodies?'Well,
they're planning on a lot of death.
That's what you all need to know.
They're planning on a lot of people
dying. They're not saying, 'Well, how
are we going to thrive and have a great
time?'No,
how do we burn everybody
if they're dead? That's not a
feel-good sermon, but I'm trying to
tell you that the world knows
something's about to happen. You can
sense it.
State media in Pyongyang is saying North
Korea's leader Kim Jong-un will be
attending China's victory celebration
next week that marks the formal
surrender of Japan during World War II.
Russia's president Vladimir Putin is
also to be among those 26 heads of
state who will attend this event.
I saw them in secret meetings again. I
saw them in meetings and they were
talking and they were whispering
whispers of how to overcome the Western
culture. That means it was secret. They
didn't want it to be let out. He's being
promised a lot.
He's being promised a lot. North Korea,
Kim Jong-un, they're being promised a
lot. It makes them confident. There
are
secret meetings. I'm telling
you, there are secret meetings. There
are
secret meetings. It's like what I see
about North Korea and China and Russia
becoming one. And I see an alliance of
these countries
almost like they're thinking as one, like a
covenant. I saw Vladimir Putin
with
North Korea in the background with Xi
Jinping with his allies, okay? And
Vladimir Putin had a hand of cards and
he had five cards. He had five cards
in his hand and he was holding them out
like a fan and he was hiding behind
those cards. And I saw
before that World War III in black
letters across. I told you all I saw
North Korea siding with China
as an Asian front, an Asian front in the
days ahead, using Korea as a
linchpin.
Eventually, I believe
Kim Jong-un will be removed, and his sister.
The things the Lord showed me about
secret meetings... God protect me. I saw
little Kim, Russia, and certain major
powers. I'll say it like that. I saw
certain major powers. I see
Kim Jong-un, North Korea. North Korea
is in the waiting, is in the
waiting, is in the waiting. And then a
great escalation to really kick this
thing off at a higher level. Escalation.
Alliances have been made. Great
alliances
have been made. Waiting, waiting,
waiting. It's not a bluff. This is not a
bluff. I hear, "This is not a
bluff."This
is not a bluff. You must listen. You
must listen. This is not a bluff. North
Korea doesn't want to be underneath this
anymore. They want to come out and
have
free trade. They want to be able to be a
part of the world trade. And there
are
things being said, with Russia
promising them a better tomorrow for the
price of war for this. "Help us, help us.
They're sending troops. They're sending
troops. They're sending aid. They're
sending bombs and missile things to
help you. Help us, we will help
you."It's
with the BRICS. And that's what I was
telling Dee. I said, "You know, it's what I
feel in the spirit, even when we were
driving around today doing
things."I
said, "It feels like Christmas morning,
you know, as a kid, that you're about to
have this great gift. You're about to
get these presents, and you know, but you
don't know what's in the boxes, but you
see they're wrapped up underneath the
tree for you and you're going, 'Man, I
just have expectation that something
good is about to happen.'"That's what
I'm telling you. I feel in my spirit
an anticipation that something good is
about to happen. I told her, I said, "Do
you feel that?"She goes, "Yes."If you
have that butterfly, you're excited.
You're kind of, "Wow,"you know? You
have that in your stomach. You're just
like, "Wow, something major is about to
happen."Well,
that's what I feel in the spirit
realm. We're on the verge of something
major. But as we see Trump say he's
going to speak on the 23rd, that's not
coincidence.
That's not coincidence. I told you. Look
at this. This is—that's amazing. I
thought he could have picked any day of
the month, but he chose the 23rd, folks.
I mean, seriously. I mean, do you all
think that's coincidence? It's all
biblical. It's signs of the times and
of the coming of the Lord Jesus
Christ. It's all happening. And people
are like, "Brandon, don't you know the
rapture is coming in
September?"I
personally do not believe it's coming in
September. I personally do not. I
believe we have a harvest of souls. And billions don't
know Jesus.
This is where I want to get
to
next. Tell them how many people have not
heard the gospel.
They call it the 10/40 window.
The 10/40 window.
And that is just this rectangular
area with the most unreached people in
the world, like, that have not heard the
gospel of Jesus Christ.
This is staggering statistics.
Yeah.
I want you to understand why the Lord
said to me, "If I come back right now,
all these people are going to
hell."And
I didn't know this. And when she
started studying this out, she—I said,
because we were talking about, "Where
should we put a new channel?
Where should we plant our—"If you
comment down below, if you're watching
from another nation and you're watching
us right now and we don't speak your
language and you have to translate
through something or whatever, tell us
where you would want another channel.
We're trying. I told the Lord, I said,
"Show me who's the greatest
harvest."And
so we were studying who's the most
unsaved. And this is where this came out
of, brainstorming as a family, praying in
the spirit, asking the Father who
needs to hear the gospel the most right
now, because we can afford right
now to expand to one more channel.
And we're trying to figure it out.
That's where we're at right now. So
listen to the statistics of how many
people. So there you go. I wanted to
tell them why we were doing this.
Yeah. So the number one would be India:
1.36 billion people
in India unreached. China: 1.3 billion
unreached. Pakistan: 243 million
unreached. Bangladesh:
174 million unreached. Japan:
120 million. Indonesia: 247 million.
Nepal: 30 million. Turkey: 85 million.
Iran: 88 million. And Thailand: 70
million.
That's a lot. Do you understand why the
Lord is—I'm telling you, that is a
lot of people going to hell. That's not
just—that's
not, "Well, that's just one
person."No,
that's millions
upon millions of people that, if Jesus
Christ comes back on September the 23rd,
are going to hell. And that's why
he told me, he said, "I'm coming back for
a glorious church. I'm coming back for a
church who is on fire, that
is expecting me to come back but is out
busy about the Father's
business."And
right now, the American culture, us, it's
about 'my four and no
more'usually.
I mean, it's like pulling teeth
to get people to come to prayer on a
Sunday night. If you have 60, 70
people on a Sunday night come to prayer,
you're blessed.
And most people of a church of a
thousand, if 10% show up, you're
doing good, is what I'm trying to say. I
mean, that's a phenomenal crowd.
My point is, there's no urgency.
There's no urgency about Jesus coming. A
lot of people are so busy with soccer
practice, football practice, whatever
going on in their life, and you're
going, "Man, I just—"But if you really
truly believe that Jesus Christ was
coming on the 23rd, we're in
serious trouble.
It's time to wake up, ladies and
gentlemen. And all these words and all
the things that the Lord shares with us
on this channel, I can't count them
all anymore. Braden has to go through
and keep track of all this as my
scribe
and keep all this down.
He has a memory
that's massive, you know, that is able
to remember all this stuff, and he keeps
it all in there saying, "Dad, I remember
when you spoke this. I remember when the
Lord said this."And it's
taken a lot of work. But my point of
what I'm trying to say is, every
single time, the whole circle
of what God is always trying to tell us
on this channel is that, "I'm
coming."And
if you don't know him, you're
going to spend eternity in hell. If he
doesn't know
you—it's
not about you knowing him and then
you thinking you know about God, "Well,
I've heard about God before."No, I'm
talking about: does he know you? Will he
say, "Depart from me. I never knew
you."When
you stand up on the
day of judgment and Jesus looks at you
and he's examining you and he says, "You
know what? I never knew
you."Are
you willing to take that opportunity
right now and say, "Brandon, I can
examine my heart and I don't believe
that will happen with me. I
know him.
I know he knows me. I spend time with
him every day."Well, then this
message isn't for you.
But there's a lot of you out there that
listen to this and you're on the
edge.
You tiptoe around church. You
tiptoe around Christianity. You tiptoe
around relationship. You're kind of
in and out. You're
half in, you're half out. Yeah. You
know, "I'm not really all serious
about all this,"but from what I
understand, there's so many people
trying to prophesy about the 23rd. You
know what's going to happen on the 23rd?
A great shifting.
I'm trying to tell you this is the time
frame that the Lord's warning us about,
the feast of trumpets. I watched a video
from Tom Horn 5 years ago that spoke
about what he believed was going to
happen at the end of September the
23rd going into October the 3rd
or whatever it is. It's a window of
days. He believed the rapture of the
church, something major is going to
happen in that time frame.
But as we get closer and closer to these
time frames, and we haven't had the
major revival, we haven't had these
things take place. And if so many people
go to hell after dying and read all that
list, she tells you how many people are
going to hell. I believe we're about to
see a major event that will shake to
awake the church
for a major revival. Now, how long does
this revival last? I think this revival will last
a three and a half, a three-year window.
I believe we have a three to three and
a half year window somewhere around
there of a major outpouring of the
spirit of God with
beyond anything you've ever seen before.
This is what we're praying into. Now,
this is just Brandon talking. This is
not being prophetic. This is just me
trying to look at it and study
just like everybody else does because
there's a lot of guessers out there. So,
I'm just throwing my guess in the
hat, too. You know, I'm entitled to it,
but I want to tell you
this. It's not me being prophetic right
now, telling you that I think that
the time frame of when I think the
Lord's coming. I just feel that when
he's spoken to us through this channel
and saying, "I want you to—I'm giving
you a three-year window for a harvest of
souls starting in
September."What's
happening in September? It will be a
time to remember. It's a time for
everything will change. Everything in
this time frame will change within a
24-hour period and nothing will
ever be the same again in this time
frame. It's the point of the water going
off the edge, the point of no
return when the labor pains would be at
the—when
you can't get an epidural
anymore. How many times has he said that,
"This will be a time where
you're at the—it's push time. No
more epidural time."There's a time of
labor when you can't get an epidural
anymore; you're at the point of no
return. And the Lord says, "As labor
pains upon a woman, so will it be when
the Son of Man returns."I'm telling
you, we're at the point of no return.
And that's what he's trying to tell
us. September, the month to remember, a
major shifting, a major shaking going
into the fall with finances, with all
these things, going in and seeing all
this stuff start to change. And I'm
like, what are we going to see? A major
event. What if we don't see any major
event? What if there's no catastrophic
event? It's in the spirit realm. That's
what I'm like. I'm looking for
something—something's
about to happen.
Well, if we don't see in the natural, I
feel we'll see in the spirit.
You'll be able to sense and know if you
have any kind of spiritual knowing
inside of you as Trump speaks on the
23rd. You know, this is about the fig
tree.
This is about the signs of the times of
the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ as
they try to split and cause a two-state
solution. When you see all the things
happening and all the words being spoken
about Jesus Christ coming, I just know
his heart is about souls. Now, if he
comes back, I'll high-five you on the
way up.
Come on, man. I'll be so excited,
but I'll be disappointed for all the
people that didn't get to go with us.
That's just my heart when you see so
many Asian people that will go to
hell. How many people from Africa? How
many people from South America? How many
people will miss it?
And it would be really
sad. That would be really sad. I mean, I
just go, "Wow."Yeah, we're excited for
us, but you're going, "Wow,
bye"as
you're waving as you go up and you look
up and all those people are looking at
you and they're looking at you
as you're going up or whatever and
you're waving and going,
"What in the world? All those
people are not coming with
us."Would
that bother you? It would
bother me. I mean, I know we're going to
be going to heaven, but what if that's
your family down there? I'm just saying,
just being real with you. What if we've
not witnessed enough? What if your
family members are the ones that you're
watching as you're going up,
you're looking down, and they're not
here?
It
would really bother me. But there's
a lot of people that just don't care, I
guess. But there's a part of me, the
soul winner on
the inside of me, cries out for the lost
to stop being church as usual and become
church unusual and get excited and have
an expectation of prayer meetings. Have
an anticipation to show up and do
your part and pray for the nations to
have a major revival
to be that light in the darkness and not
be the person who blends in with
everybody else. I just have an
expectation for this month
that maybe the Adam's lease
would be up, that God's given us the
sliver, that
as I was driving around, he kept showing
me angels in assistance, angels on
assignment, angels coming to help
us with angelic visitations and
manifestations like we've never seen
before. It's time to believe God for the
angel visitations. I saw two angels per
heathen, or per unsaved person on the
earth coming down to help us and assist
us with the harvest,
helping to war on our behalf.
I saw angel armies on the harvesting
equipment when I went and Jesus visited
me. Remember I told you all about that?
And he said he held out his hands to me
and he said, "Brandon, I died for every
single one of them. I don't want any of
them to perish."And he held his hands
out and he had huge holes on this side
of his hand. And he held his hand out
and I could see through his holes and I
could see the grain and the wheat. He
said, "The harvest is plentiful and the
laborers
are few. Brandon, will you help
me bring in the harvest?"and I saw his
hands. He had massive holes in his
hands. Massive down here. It was right
in here. Massive holes right in
here in his hands. It was massive. Huge
holes that were from wall to wall, huge
holes
in his hands. He suffered greatly
for you. And he took—I saw his hand
and he held his hands out, but he held
them like this before me in the spirit.
And I could see through them. There was
light shining through him. And he said,
"I died for every single one of
them."And
he showed me his hands, what he
suffered for you. But he said, "Brandon,
will you help me bring in the harvest?
Will you help me tell my people that I'm
coming?"And
I said, "Lord, Lord, as for me and my
house, we will serve
you. We will help you bring in the
harvest."He
said, "Yeah, I know you
will."He
smiled real big. He said,
"Yeah, I know you
will."As
I looked to the barn, if you remember
what I saw, I saw all the farming
equipment and all of it was up there.
That big old barn was full of all that
glory gold dust. But he said, "Brandon,
it's no longer just this with like what
the anointing, you know, with what I saw.
The harvest equipment was the anointing
and gifts and the callings of God on our
lives to bring
in—to
attract what I'm always talking about, to
deflect to him. It was no longer that. I
saw on the edge of heaven all the
warring
angels getting ready to be dispatched.
There was so many of them you couldn't
count them all because they looked like
grains of beautiful light,
and it was all up on the side of this,
and I could see the edge of heaven. I
could see this barn on the edge of
heaven. It was beautiful with angels, and
they were stacked upon stacks, and
they're ready with their arms and their
wings spread out, and they were
ready to come down and assist. And all
of a sudden, they looked like a waterfall
coming out of the edge of heaven.
They looked like stars falling
like a meteor shower. They were all
falling, and they came down, and
they came over this. As they
were coming, they looked like a wave. You
know how you would see a wave crashing?
They were crashing with the wave as they
were coming upon the people. And I saw
them being dispatched to each unsaved
loved one—two per unsaved loved one was
on each arm. They were helping, and
the Lord said, 'Uninterrupted and
unhindered,'like
you always said.
He grinned at me because I quote it
from another preacher, but he knew what I
was—because
I quote it so much.
He kind of giggled in his
voice. He said, 'Uninterrupted and
unhindered by any satanic force,
Brandon,'and
he grinned, and he smiled at me. And
I still couldn't see his face when he
said it, 'Uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic and
demonic
force,,'and
he smiled real big at me. He said,
'I'm sending my angels—sending the angels
to help you to bring in this last
harvest. I'm bringing them in for
you.'And
I could see the angels on each
individual arm. And I saw demons trying
to influence the unsaved loved ones, the
ones we're crying out for, the ones
in—He
said, 'I'm leaving the ninety-nine to go after
the
one.'And
I could see the angels helping us.
But it was truly that it wasn't they
were being forced to make the decision,
because he's a gentleman, but it was
according to Ephesians, that the
eyes of their understanding would be
enlightened. Satan has blinded
the eyes of the unbeliever, and they were
no longer blind anymore. They could see
it and make a choice for themselves. You
see, no man comes to the Father unless
he's drawn by him.
No man. But at least you can have
clear thinking to be able to make a
choice without having a demonic spirit
messing with you, especially if we're
praying for them. So know that your
unsaved loved ones in the days ahead, I
saw them. They're all coming in like
ripe cherries off a tree. Jesus Christ
died for every single one of them. And
I'm telling you, ladies and gentlemen,
you're about to see the greatest harvest
of souls this world has ever seen
before, all for the glory of God.
It's no longer going to be catching them
with a pole. We're going to be catching
them with the nets. Not just a bunch
of
little nets, big shrimp boat nets,
and we're going to scoop them up and
bring them all like fishing
nets—you
know what I'm talking about. We're going
to scoop them up and bring them into the
kingdom of God.
They're coming in. But he said, 'Brandon,
it won't be status quo. It's going to be
a shaking to awaken.'And many people
will not like what's about to happen,
just like what it was with Jesus. And he
said to me, 'You know, Brandon, I could
have said, "I don't want to die."I could
have, but he was obedient unto
death.'He
became sickness for us. He became
poor for us; through his poverty, we
don't have to have it, but he became
obedient unto death. And he said, 'Not
my will, Father, but yours be
done.'There's
a great shaking to awaken,
ladies and gentlemen, that's going to
bring in this harvest. He's leaving the
ninety-nine,
like I keep saying, and going after
the one. And we're about to see it. I
believe as we cross over into these
times ahead and the days ahead, we're
going to start seeing our unsaved loved
ones go, "You know what? I don't know why
I didn't see it all the time. You know
what? Brandon, all the time I just
had this darkness on my mind, and it's
lifted, and now I can see, and my eyes
and my understanding are enlightened, and I
know that I need to be
saved."It's
not going to just be with mine;
it is going to be with yours. I
want you to believe God big in these
last days. Believe God big. Well, I
had one man say, 'I got born again on
your channel, Brandon, and I pray every
day, but my wife is Muslim, and I don't
know what to do now. And I'm a Christian,
and I love the Lord, but what should I
do about my wife being unsaved? She's a
Muslim. She don't like it anymore, and
we're having bad marriage
problems.'And
I thought, 'Wow, that's
interesting. Amazing that you would
find Jesus Christ on my channel. But,
sir, we're believing God for your
wife. She's coming to Jesus, too. Get
ready. Get ready. Get ready. God didn't
bring you out of the pit of hell to let
your wife go. I believe that there will
be an awakening experience—an awakening
experience for your wife that's Muslim
right now, that you got born again into
this, and she's going to come find Jesus,
too. It's going to be amazing. Keep
letting your light shine. Keep
sowing
the love of God. Love never fails. Love
takes no account of a suffered wrong.
Keep showing love even if she
becomes unlovely. Because I'm telling you,
even the hardest of hearts becomes
pliable in the hands of my mighty God.
He'll turn it on a dime, sir. And I
believe that the best is yet to come for
you and your household, and all will be
saved. We're standing in agreement with
you. We're believing with you. And we're
believing that every single one of you
that watch us on a regular basis, that
you say, "Brandon, I'm believing for
this, I'm believing for that,"I'm standing
with you. We pray for—we take
nothing and we give everything in
return, because that's what God told us
to do. He said, "Pray for my people.
Pray, tell them I'm coming."And that's
our whole—that's our whole mission on
this YouTube channel is to tell you that
Jesus Christ is coming
and he loves you. If you're watching
this video right now and you hear me
talking, and you say, "Brandon, that altar
call
shook me.
I need Jesus.
I need what you're talking about, and I
don't know how to get
there."Well,
today's the day. Today's the day. I
believe you—not by coincidence
of hearing, "Well, how many prophecies he
got that are in the news? I wanted just
to come over here and just see if what
he's saying is coming to pass or
whatever."But
you've watched the
whole thing, and you're being tugged at
your heart. That was the plan. You came
for the bait, and it was to get you born
again, sir. It was to get you born
again, ma'am. Because that's what it's
about to us. It's not about all the
other stuff. It's about Jesus Christ
becoming real to you. If
he was to come back today, would
you go in the rapture? If you
were to die today, would you burn
in
eternity in hell, or would you spend
eternity in heaven with him? There's a
heaven to gain and a hell to shun. Which
one will you go? You say, "Well, I don't
believe it."Well, that doesn't change
it. It's appointed unto man once to die,
and after that the judgment. I'm telling
you, it's time for you to come home.
It's time for you to accept Jesus Christ
today as your Lord and personal Savior.
Well, how do I do it? Well, let me tell
you how you do it. It says, 'With the
heart, confession is made unto
salvation.'With
a heart, confession is made. You say
it out of your mouth: 'I believe Jesus
Christ is the Son of God. I believe he
died for me. I believe that I'm going
to serve him all the days of my
life.'You're
going to say it out of your mouth,
and we're going to say that prayer right
now. And you say, "Well, I'll do it
later. I don't have time
today."You
don't know when... No man knows
when
his time is to die.
You could be going right now on the way
to work and die in a car accident. You
could have a tragic accident on the way
home. The very shoes you put on your
feet to go to work today, or to go
wherever, the undertaker could be taking them
off that evening. Do not take a gamble
with
your life, saying, "Hey, I don't
know if I need to make that decision
right now. I'll kind of wait. I got to
think about it. It may be too late."No man
is promised
tomorrow; we're only
promised right now. But I want you to
take that opportunity right now. Don't
take a gamble with your life one more
day. Don't be gambling with your life
one more day. It's time for you to come
home today. I'm going to give you the
count of three. I'm going to say, "count
of three,"and I want you to put in the
comment section right now, "I need to be
saved."I
want you to say it right now. I
want you to say it with your whole heart,
and I want you to say, "I need to be
saved today. I don't want to go to hell.
I don't want to spend eternity in
hell,"as
we see all the signs of the times
approaching. Ready? We're going to say:
one,
two,
three. Right now, I want you to put it
in the comment section down below: "I
need to be saved. Today's my day. I want
salvation."Now,
as you're putting that in
the
comment section and we're
rejoicing with you, we're going to say a
simple prayer that even a five-year-old
child could say and mean it with their
heart. God didn't make it hard for any
of us. And He said, "I don't want
anybody to perish, but all to come to repentance."Even
a five-year-old
child can
repeat this prayer. So, I'm going to say
the prayer with you right now, and I
want you to say it with your whole
heart. Mean it with your whole heart.
Don't just flippantly say this. This is
you
talking to Jesus. He's the one
with those huge scars in His hands that died
for you. And He wants to make all things
new for you, but you've got to mean it
with your heart. He's at the door of
your heart, knocking right now. He's
knocking: "Will you let me in? Will you
let me change things? Will you let me
fix your life? You've made a mess of it,
but I can turn it on a dime. I can fix it
right now. If you just give me an
opportunity, I'll fix it,"is what He's
saying to you right now. He's knocking
on the door of your heart. Will you let
Him in today?
Right. So, we're going to say this
prayer right now and we're going to mean
it. Today is the day of salvation for
you.
Say, "Jesus,
I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day. I believe
you're seated at the right hand of the
Father, making intercession for me right
now.
Jesus, I'm a sinner.
I need a Savior.
Forgive me of my sins.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of
Life.
From this day forward, I turn my back on
the world. I turn my back on the devil.
And I'll serve you all the rest of my
life.
Lord, I dedicate my life to you.
Thank you, Lord,
for forgiving me. Thank you, Lord, that
I'm no longer going to hell. Thank you,
Lord, that I have a new future
with you.
Amen and
amen."It's
simple, but you said it. It's all
washed. As far as the east is from the
west, He said He has taken our sins from us.
He said He doesn't remember them anymore; He
cast them in the sea of forgetfulness. He has
washed you and He has cleansed you from
all of it. Behold, He makes all things
new. Right now, as you speak, it's gone.
The past is behind you and you've got a new
future.
Now,
what do you do now? Well, you go to
church. You need to find a
non-denominational church. Find a good
non-denominational church and
tell them, "I got
born again. I got born again on YouTube
and I want to be water-baptized."Get water-baptized.
Volunteer at that
church. Go to that church every single
Sunday, Wednesday, when they have
church, whenever you can. Get plugged in
there, volunteer, whatever you
can do.
Read your Bible every day; it will
change you from the inside out. Read
your Bible, pray, come over here, watch
our videos, be a part of our YouTube
community here, our family here, and
I believe your life is going to be
changed from glory to glory to glory
from this day forward. But you say
to me, "Brandon, I don't have
the money to buy a Bible."Well, we
want to celebrate your new conversion,
your
coming to Jesus Christ today. So,
Diana
and I will buy you a Bible
just because we love you and we want to
celebrate with you that you gave your
heart to Jesus on our channel today. So, this is
what you do.
If you
go into the
description, you'll find our email
address. And if you just said this
prayer and you got saved on this
channel, just use that email address and
put "I can't afford a Bible"in the title,
and then put your address in the
description, and we will use that to send
you a Bible through Amazon.
And we won't use it for anything else.
It's just simply to send the Bible to
you, and we won't spam
you or send you junk mail with anything else.
So,
we just want to rejoice with you. It's a
big deal what you did today. You don't
realize that you've just made the best
decision you could have ever made.
I understand you've had a
hard time, but today's a new start.
Today's a new start. And if
you fall down and scrape your knee and
you say, "Well, I went back and I sinned
again, Brandon. I went back and did my
old habits,"confess immediately.
Run back to God. Come back and say,
"God, I repent. I need help
again."Go
back to Him. Don't run away from God
when you sin; you run to God when you
sin.
"God, I need you. I messed up
again."You
run to God when you sin. And when you
confess your sins, like the Bible says,
and you confess it before
the Father, it's not when He found out
about it; it's when you got rid of it.
So know that from this day forward,
you're no longer the devil's business.
You're God's business.
You no longer belong to the devil and
are
going to hell; you belong to the
Father and He's going to take care of
you. Always run to the Father, even
in
the smallest to the biggest things. It
doesn't matter. He's an ever-present help
in a time of need. And as you get into
His
Word, it will change you from the
inside out. Start with Proverbs. Read
through Proverbs. Start with the red in
the Bible. Read through Psalms. Just read;
they're
easy reads. Just read it and
it will minister to you, and
you'll become stronger and stronger and
stronger.
It will help you and it will change you.
And remember, He wants to heal you, too.
And He doesn't heal you because you're
good; He heals you because He's good
from the inside out.
Everyone
that Jesus touched in
the Bible wasn't saved; they
were unsaved people. Just think about
that. It's not about your righteousness;
it's not about how good you are. Jesus
wants to touch you just where you are.
It's not about your works. Everyone
says,
"Well, I've got to quote all these
scriptures. I've got to do all this
stuff."How
many times do you
think the one with the issue of blood quoted
scripture, or blind Bartimaeus? All
those people were unsaved. Jesus hadn't
died yet. They were all
under
the Abrahamic covenant, and Jesus was
going around touching people and they
were getting healed.
All that happened, and
then the disciples went, and it was
under
the New Covenant. But I'm
saying, look at how many people Jesus
touched,
folks. If He'll do it for them, He'll do
it for you. He is no respecter
of
persons. You've just got to believe.
The woman with the issue of blood's faith
made her whole, and your faith will make
you whole. Remember that. The Bible says He
said, "Daughter, your faith has made you
whole."And
he said, "Be whole of
that plague. Be whole of
this problem, and then go and sin no
more, lest a worse thing come upon
you."Look
at all the times he said
that. Stop. After he told him, he said,
"Don't mess around with sin anymore.
Don't open the door for it anymore. Keep
upright."But
every single time,
he just did it out of love. God is a God
of love, and he loves you and has a
plan for your life. But I'm telling you,
the angel armies are coming. The angel
armies. So, and that's why, about North
Korea, all these other things, I'm
telling you, so many times you've showed
us about all the angelic visitations.
So, we get excited about it around this
house. All right. Well, praise the Lord.
I just felt the anointing on
that altar call. I'm excited. I believe
we'll have a lot of salvations off that.
I'm believing for a major harvest of
souls, all to the glory. Every time we do
this, I just give the
people an opportunity to make a choice.
I appreciate you all watching this every
single time. I know that there are some of
you
who
watch every video no matter
what I say, but there are some of you
who
click out really quick. So, I'm
thankful for the people who support me,
that believe in Diana and I
enough to listen to what we feel
like the Spirit of the Lord is telling
us. There are so many of you
who
support us every single day
watching these videos.
It means a lot to us.
We love y'all so much.
Thank you. We're just
here trying to get the lost as fast as
we can to get out of here.
We want Jesus to come. When
you've had glimpses of heaven and you've
seen what I've seen, I told Diana, I said,
"I'm telling you, people are afraid
to die."Well, I'm telling you that, yeah,
the process of death is hard
sometimes when people go through hard
things, but the bottom line is, to
be absent from the body is to be present
with the Lord, and it is glorious.
When you have the
glory of it—I
got these flies from hell trying to
torment my video.
That thing is a zapper.
You're going to hit Diana.
When you have the glory to look forward
to, nothing compares in this world. No
finances, no good vacation, no good ice
cream, nothing. Do you understand?
There's nothing in this world
that compares to what God has in store
for those that love him. I'm telling
you, these are exciting days. And there are a
lot of you who have never been able to see
over or experience anything
of the glory. And I encourage you, the
more you seek him, you'll find him. I'm
nothing special, Diana.
I don't want to say you're nothing
special because you're special to me.
I'm not going to say my wife
isn't
special. So, I'm going to say my wife
is
special
because I say I ain't special.
But I looked over here and I said,
"Well, no, she's really special to
me."I'm
not going to say
she's
nothing special either.
Well, we're just human. But at the
same time, I look over and say, "There
ain't no way I'm saying that about
you,"because
it's important to me.
That's not
true; she is special to me.
But I want to say this, just being real
with y'all: if you just seek him, you'll
find him. If you knock, the door will be
opened
unto you. He's there as
an
ever-present help in time of need, as I tell you
all the time. And
he's knocking at the door. If you knock
on the door, he said he would open it
for you. He's like, "Hey, come on
in."So,
we want to just encourage y'all to
keep knocking. If you say, "Well, I
haven't heard anything, I haven't seen
anything, I want to have a visitation, I want to
see,"keep
knocking,
keep asking. Those that ask,
the Bible even says, Jesus says, "If
your child asks you for a cup of water, will you
give him a
serpent?"Come
on, man, he's up there wanting
to
love on you.
You're not going to give your
kid a snake or a spider and
say, "Here,
Johnny."If
you, being evil, know how to give
good
gifts to your children, how much more
does your heavenly Father give good
gifts to those that love him? He's a
good God. That's Matthew 7, I
believe. He just wants to be a friend.
And so, we just praise the Father for
all that he's done in this time on this
earth with us. And regardless of
whether
we all go home tomorrow, I just
want
him to say, "Well done, thy good
and faithful servant, Brandon. You did
it. With the time that you were allotted
and all that you went through, you
persevered and you tried."We didn't give
up. Diana and I did not give up. We've
tried. We pushed and pushed and pushed
to help bring in the gospel, even on
days that you don't understand the
attack that we are under. And we keep
standing. And you say, "Hey, it's okay.
We're going to make it through
this."No
matter the persecution, no matter what's
going on in the spirit realm, we keep
pushing. And that's what he wants you
to do. If you just have that
can-do
attitude, that wanting to do it: "I will
serve the Lord my God with all my heart,
all my soul, and all my strength. I'm going
to love him, and I'm going to serve him.
I'm going to be with him all the rest of
this day."You know, just have this
can-do
attitude. It's like the Little Engine
That Could or
the
Little Blue Truck that went
down the road. Beep, beep! And you know,
we always read that book
for Megan. The Little Blue Truck
said—no,
Mr. food truck went by.
I think we had it memorized.
Yeah, because Megan liked it every day.
"Beep, beep, beep,"and he started to
swerve.
When you have little kids and you read
to them all the time, you'll
remember books like that. But we love
you, Father. I just thank you for every
single one of them.
I thank you, Lord, that you're touching
their lives right now in the name of
Jesus,
from the top of their head to the soles
of their feet. We believe, Father, that
healing belongs to them. Deliverance
belongs to them. That no weapon formed
against them will prosper. We take
authority over sickness. We take
authority over disease, Father. And we
thank you, Lord, from the top of
their head to the soles of their feet,
they're delivered from all kinds of
bondage, from all kinds of torment.
Father, I thank you. Fear has torment,
but perfect love casteth out all fear.
Now, Father, I thank you that it's the
small foxes that spoil the vines. And we
recognize the small foxes in our lives.
It's not the great big decisions. It's
the small decisions
on a day-to-day basis that ruin the
vine of our life, that detach us from
the vine. We stay on the vine
with everything we've got to make sure
that we're not a branch that's cut
off because of the small foxes. Remember
that the Bible said that the small foxes
ruin the vine. Father, I thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Lord, that our decisions are
always pure and right before you. And
thank you, Lord, that you come and visit
us, and you show us the harvest
equipment. You show us all that's about
to take place and the major harvest of
souls when we look at your hands and the
suffering that you went through for
every single one of us. It's not a fairy
tale. It truly happened. We're so
grateful, my Lord, my King, for
everything you did for me. Father, I
thank you, Lord, for we say it over
and over again. Whatever we can do to
help you, we'll do
it—financially,
physically, mentally, emotionally,
whatever we can extend ourselves to do for
you and your service, Father, we do it
for you. We give you all the glory, we
give you all the honor, and we give you
all the praise for everything you've
done for Diana and I. And everything you
continue to do. Thank you, Lord, for the
past, the present, and the future. We
dedicate it to you, God. We thank you,
Lord. Lord, we give you praise for it,
Lord. Lord, we thank you, Lord, that
their marriages are restored. We thank
you, Lord, for good days are in store
for them in Jesus'name. Father, for
financial freedom, Father, that they're
no longer lacking any good thing. That
Father, they'll have an abundance to
the full until it overflows over their
household finances today. Father, that
today is the day that the Lord has made
and we will rejoice and be glad in it.
And we give you, Father, all that praise
today in the name of Jesus. And everyone
say, "Amen."And amen. Well, thank you
for being here today. I try to give you
a little bit of something. I wanted to
tell you we love you and just
show you some of the things we saw on
the news if Braden keeps some of it.
I don't want ever to be a boring video.
So, I told him, I said, "Cut it out if it's
not."So,
if it's not there, it's not
there. But I know that the altar
call was Jesus. I can feel him. I
can feel the glory in here. And I
say because he's
bringing all his sons and daughters back
home. Well,
we never ask you for anything and we
never will. But we will ask you for
this. Please subscribe. Please. If
you're new here and you've never watched
one of our videos before, it's free.
People ask, "Does it cost to subscribe?"It
doesn't
cost you anything.
It costs you the pain of a finger. That's
all. That's all you got to go up
there and just click that notification
bell, click the like button, click the
thumbs up, do all it takes to help us
get the gospel out. We're praying about doing this new channel. And Diana, we're going to do a new... Braden said, "Daddy, I feel my heart's stretching to do another one. Let's go out and fish some more."So, we're
praying about doing
Germany.
Germany is one
we were praying about doing because we
were watching a Christmas thing in
Germany on YouTube of people walking
around and celebrating things and I
said, "Ah, the German people touch me. I
like to be... I get excited when I
see people, and I'm people watching even
on YouTube with those walking tours,
soul watching,
soul watching."And I go, "Man, there's
a lot of people that need Jesus there.
We need to do
something."And
I'd get stirred.
And I go, "Well, we're already maxed to
capacity, Dad."And I'm like, "But
there's just one more. Maybe we
could do just one more for the
people."I
just, you know, my heart is for y'all.
And there's so many, and Braden said, "Tell
me how many the statistics
are."He
said, "4,000 this last month watched us
in Germany."I said, "That's a
lot."And
we can get 44,000 people to watch over
there. That's worth the effort.
Maybe, maybe, just maybe. You know, I
don't know, we're always just praying about
things we're always going to do
because
our hearts are for getting the lost.
Braden, he started a Hindi channel, so
he's working on the Hindi channel right
now, uploading all the videos. And I think
we got like
124 subscribers. It's brand
new—124
subscribers on our brand new Hindi
channel. So, we got our
OK
from YouTube, so we're going at it
as hard as we can to upload those
videos. They don't have very many views
yet, but we're trying. So, we're
believing God for the Hindi people to
get born again. So, like, subscribe,
click the notification bell, do all that
it takes to help us. And remember that
we pray for you daily. Remember, we love
you. God bless you all. Remember, put a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you so much and we
love you. God bless you all and we'll
see you again soon. Bye-bye.